V E R S I O N   H I S T O R Y-----------------------------by Troy GaulInfinity SystemsFebruary 95Version 3.0: (February 95) ¥ Added a new variation that makes the Infinity Windoid act exactly   like the System 7.5 floating window WDEF (ID 125). ¥ Added a compiler option to make the variation codes the same as   those used by the 7.5 floater WDEF. (This is separate from the   appearance of the WDEF.)  The default WDEF is now built this way. ¥ Added a compiler option to make the appearance of the WDEF be the   same as the 7.5 floater WDEF. (This is separate from the meanings    of the variation codes.)	 ¥ Changed my address information (both e-mail and US mail) to reflect   my new location. ¥ Since Metrowerks DR3 and later support building PowerPC code resources,    created a project file for those compilers. ¥ When the structure region was hit (but the cursor was not in the content   region), a return code of wNoHit was being returned when it should have   been a wInContent (this has been wrong for quite a while). ¥ Made the WDEF use NewHandleClear instead of NewHandle so that the   Rects for zooming would be zeroed like the System WDEF's are when   there is no zoom box. ¥ Titlebar string drawing routine will only allocate regions for clipping   the drawing when they are needed (i.e. when there is actually text to   draw). ¥ Can now be compiled only with the Universal Headers. ¥ When compiling for PowerPC, the drawing routines no longer allocate   a small amount of temporary memory in the heap each time they are   called.  They now use a RoutineDescriptor on the stack instead. ¥ A few compiler options have been removed to simplify the code. ¥ Removed support for colorization with System 6 (System 6 is still   supported in black-and-white, the most common case).  Also, removed   most of OurDeviceLoop which is no longer needed because of this. ¥ Code formatting changed (including renaming of compiler flags). ¥ Reorganized drawing code for easier reading and modification. ¥ Uses enums in place of most #defines. ¥ Routines pass as few paramaters around as possible.Version 2.6: (March 94) ¥ Fixed a problem with compiling under Metrowerks Code Warrior which   caused mixed colors to be calculated incorrectly. Started including   a Code Warrior project file for compiling the WDEF. ¥ Added a one-pixel slop to the hit testing on the titlebar gadgets to   make them easier to hit. ¥ The appearance of the titlebar when dimmed with a custom window color   table now matches that of the System WDEF.  A handful of other changes   were also made to the code to make the appearance with custom wctb's   approximate that of the System WDEF. ¥ Made the titlebar revert to black-and-white on those PowerBooks in which   this is necessary to make the appearance match that of the Apple WDEF. ¥ Added an option to have the zoom box be positioned so that it always   hits the pattern the same way as the close box. ¥ Added an option to make a small version of the grow box  ¥ Now uses UniversalProcPtrs to support PowerPC  ¥ MPW Makefile now has support for making a fat binary version of the    Infinity Windoid WDEF (provided you have the Apple tools for doing so).   Support for this was derived from the article about Standalone Code on    PowerPC in Develop issue 17; help provided by Aaron Giles.	   To compile one of these versions of the WDEF, use one of the following:      buildprogram "Infinity Windoid/Fat"      buildprogram "Infinity Windoid/PPC"Version 2.5.1: (January 94) ¥ Fixed a bug that would cause the titlebar to be 'transparent' very   occasionally when the WDEF was compiled with THINK C. ¥ Fixed a bug where the grow box wouldn't be drawn inside a window that   had a color GrafPort.Version 2.5: (January 94) ¥ Support for System 6 color windows (using Kolor or a similar Control   Panel device. ¥ Source code was split between two files with a header file,    WindoidDefines.h defining the options, constants, and structures    used in the WDEF ¥ Added a variation of the titlebar that is two pixels taller and has   tinges on the edges. This titlebar style looks better with a title   string and/or with a grow box than the old style. ¥ Added option to build a windoid with a title string in the titlebar.   (Although I personally do not like this, as it makes the windoid look   too much like a document window, it has been often requested.) ¥ Put in OurDeviceLoop routine. This implements a DeviceLoop on System 6   machines with Color QuickDraw. Simplifies code in the two drawing   routines. ¥ Didn't need to set the port away from the Window Manager port all   the times I had been. ¥ Added code to handle a grow box. (Provided by Jim Petrick, modifications    by me to work with old black-and-white ports on color monitors and to use   DeviceLoop)  ¥ Fixed a problem with window color tables that did not have as many   entries as the windoid expected. (Fix provided by Jim Petrick.)  ¥ Made a few simplification changes inspired by code from Jim Petrick. Version 2.3: (June 93) ¥ Now calculates correctly whether to do the System 7 shading on a    display with less than 8 bits that is set to color mode.     ¥ When drawing the titlebar background, will no longer draw over the   top of the gadgets, causing them to flash. ¥ Zoom code no longer is always specific to MicroFrontier products. Now,    zoomed in/out state can be fully controlled by application   (this can be done by setting the usrState and stdState as is   described in Inside Macintosh).     ¥ Added a header file for application use, to simplify incorporation. ¥ Synchronizes the color window manager port to the black-and-white   one. Useful for WDrawGIcon message, safer. ¥ Uses different, simpler logic for creating the properly aligned   pattern for titlebar (from Mac Prog. Secrets) ¥ Now gets the aux. window record for colors from the window being   considered rather than just getting the default one. ¥ Changed formatting to conform to my changed style used in other code. ¥ Put in dummy routines for handling the grow box. ¥ Got rid of some unneeded temporary variables from the CalcWRgn   selector routine. ¥ Changed the zoom-handling code to use the spareFlag as a flag   telling whether there's a zoom box, as per a suggestion in _Inside    Macintosh: Toolbox Essentials_. ¥ Fixed a bug where, if a window didn't have a close box, the   windoid would still send the application a hit in the close box   if that area of the titlebar was clicked.Version 2.2: (March 93) ¥ First publicly distributed version. ¥ Extensive comments added to facilitate understanding and   modification by others. ¥ Added support for MacApp-style varcodes. ¥ Bug in way inColor was determined (needed to do a bit-shift   before anding with gdFlags) fixed. ¥ Removed StuffHex of strings used for title bar pattern, now   calculates these values. ¥ Fixed bug in logic of how MixColor was calculating the mixture. ¥ Support for compilation in THINK C 5.0. ¥ Added way to build so the window are always hilightedVersion 2.1: (November 92) ¥ Reduced code size by making sure no extra code was being linked   by MPW. ¥ Removed use of Gestalt for code size reasons. ¥ Ended the use of function pointers since no advantage was being   gained by their use. ¥ Added support for determining if enough different colors were   available to do System 7-style color like Apple's does.Version 2.0: (January 92) ¥ Rewritten in C. ¥ Conditional compilation of some features to facilitate a    reduced-size version and one that could be distributed.Version 1.2: (June 91) ¥ System 6 color support added. This feature was suggested by   Richard R. Harms. ¥ DeviceLoop support added. (Thanks, MacDTS.)Version 1.1: (May 91) ¥ Support for System 7-style color titlebars.Version 1.0: (May 91) ¥ Original version, written in Pascal and based on original   assembly language, black-and-white windoid WDEF used in   MicroFrontier products, which was written by Tom Pinkerton.